# CS_230
Week 8
The Gaming Room approached us to develop a web based game titled Draw It or Lose It. The game consists of rendering images from a large library of stock drawings as clues. The game consists of four rounds of play and each round will last of one minute. Drawings are rendered at a steady rate and are fully completed at 30 seconds of each round. If the team does not guess the clues before the time expires, the remaining team will have an opportunity to guess within a 15 second time limit.
The Gaming room was wanting to go to a platform that could be utilized on any OS platform. The web based client was the best option to provide so they could reach more end users. The Server was also recommended to be cloud based, to provide maintenance through a 3rd party. We would develop the game, storage and memory management.
I had good experience developing the UML and describing the domain model. Gathering what the customer needed and wanted from the user stories, was something I have done before and knowledgeable. This helped developing the code and was well documented to align to the customer.
I would revise the evaluation and recommendation sections. This was new information to me, although it took research to see what would be best for the customer. If working with a team with experience and more knowledge. I believe the best solution could of been provided. The recommendation I gave is clear and concise, although im sure there could of been some changes to align with the customer needs.
Using the user stories, UML diagram, making requirements and design constraints clear helped developing the program. The project design template was needed to make sure to provide the deliverablesfor the customer. Using this document, and also using an agile scrum method to keep the project on track will make sure the project is succesful.
